all right we are ready who's next thank
you so uh let's have a look in the last
look room
okay let's do it see what we've got next
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
wear yourself out hey much darling we've
got to hear you see
okay come on through yeah come in i'm
coming
oh she's up for it this one
oh she seems a bit cocky to me wow she
seems very cocky
hi hi what's your name and where did you
come from
my name is milly milly is that short for
leah yeah
all right okay and i used to be in a
girl band like back in the day okay what
was the road
called rhythmics
good one we're all rooting for you i'm
gonna do a wrap for you guys if that's
all right
oh wow okay i wrote this one myself
all right okay
[Music]
personally i think that was one of the
strongest performances we've seen
this whole competition for me personally
leanne i love the conviction that you
brought to the rap yeah should we take
it to a vote yes i think we should
um listen leanne i
didn't like it huh
i loved it
[Applause]
[Music]
you